Add resources, objects, and first call to reference section (#7)
ycombinator/courtgrabber: README.md

  * [Status codes and error messages](#status-codes-and-error-messages)

## Getting started with the Courtgrabber CLI

## Using the Courtgrabber CLI

## Getting Started with the Courtgrabber REST API

## Courtgrabber API reference documentation

You can refer to this section for explanations of Courtgrabber's resources, endpoints, and status codes.

#### **Resources**

The Courtgrabber API has three resources:

- `/api/login`
- `/api/logout`
- `/api/reservation-requests`

##### `/api/login`
Use the Login API call to grant access to Courtgrabber for a specific club member.

##### `/api/logout`
Use the Logout API call to terminate the current Courtgrabber session for a specific club member.

##### `/api/reservation-requests`
Reservation Requests is the core Courtgrabber resource. Use its API calls to make new requests, view existing requests, or cancel a request for a specific club member. Calls to `/reservation-requests` use many of the same fields in both requests and responses. Courtgrabber accepts JSON in request bodies and returns JSON in response bodies. The table below defines the fields common to `/reservation-requests` requests and responses. 

> | **Element**          |   **Description**                                     | **Type**          | **Required** | **Notes**                |

Reviewer: For consistency, consider renaming `Element` to `Field`.

Author: Thanks, done.

| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------ |
| date                 | Date to reserve tennis court                          | string            | Required     | Format: YYYY-MM-DD                      |
| start_times          | Time to reserve tennis court, in order of preference  | array of strings  | Required     | Format: HHMM in 24H time                |
| duration             | Length of time to reserve tennis court                | string            | Required     | Values: 30m, 60m, 90m                   |
| courts               | Tennis court number to reserve, in order of preference| array of numbers  | Required     |  
| ball_machine         | Reserve a ball machine along with the court           | boolean           | Required     | 
| players              | Club members who will play, with host listed first    | array of strings  | Required     | Values: members linked to login account |

#### **Logging into Courtgrabber**

> Authenticates a specific user and grants access for a Courtgrabber session.

Reviewer: Not sure "specific" is adding much here?

```suggestion
Authenticates a user and grants them access for a Courtgrabber session.
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed locally.

##### Sample Request

    DELETE {base_url}/api/reservation-requests/e68bfb6d-a1f0-4e8a-b82f-4acbbcc3397b
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}

##### Response

| **Element**          |   **Description**              | **Type**  | **Notes**                             |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------| --------- | ------------------------------------- |
| message              | Status of the delete request   | string    | Values: request deleted; delete failed|

##### Sample Response
```json
{
    "message": "reservation request deleted"
}
```

#### **Logging out of Courtgrabber**
Terminates a Courtgrabber session for a specific user. 

##### URL
`POST {base_url}/api/logout`

##### Headers

| **Header Name** |   **Description**                                    | **Required** | **Values**      |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials to authenticate user with server| Required     | Bearer: {token} |

##### Sample Request

    POST {base_url}/api/logout
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}

##### Response

> `204 No Content`

Reviewer: For consistency, please document response status codes for other endpoints as well.

Author: Okay, I added the status codes. Let me know if looks okay to you. About to commit my changes.

#### **Status codes and error messages**
The following table lists the HTTP status codes and their meanings. 

| **Code**             |   **Description**                                                                       | 
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | 
| 200 OK               | Call was successful; if relevant, response details are included in the body             | 

> | 204 No Content       | Call was successful; no details provided                                                |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 204 No Content       | Call was successful; no details provided in response                                   |  
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed locally.

  * [Resources](#resources)
  * [Logging into Courtgrabber](#logging-into-courtgrabber)
  * [Requesting a tennis court reservation](#requesting-a-tennis-court-reservation)
  * [Retrieving a list of reservation requests](#retrieving-a-list-of-reservation-requests)
  * [Canceling a reservation request](#canceling-a-reservation-request)
  * [Logging out of Courtgrabber](#logging-out-of-courtgrabber)
  * [Status codes and error messages](#status-codes-and-error-messages)

## Getting started with the Courtgrabber CLI

## Using the Courtgrabber CLI

## Getting Started with the Courtgrabber REST API

## Courtgrabber API reference documentation

You can refer to this section for explanations of Courtgrabber's resources, endpoints, and status codes.

#### Resources

The Courtgrabber API has three resources:

- `/api/login`
- `/api/logout`
- `/api/reservation-requests`

##### `/api/login`
Use the Login API call to grant access to Courtgrabber for a specific club member.

##### `/api/logout`
Use the Logout API call to terminate the current Courtgrabber session for a specific club member.

##### `/api/reservation-requests`

> Reservation Requests is the core Courtgrabber resource. Use its API calls to make new requests, view existing requests, or cancel a request for a specific club member. Calls to `/reservation-requests` use many of the same fields in both requests and responses. Courtgrabber accepts JSON in request bodies and returns JSON in response bodies. The table below defines the fields common to `/reservation-requests` requests and responses. 

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Reservation Requests is the core Courtgrabber resource. Use API calls against it to create new requests, view existing requests, or cancel requests. 

Courtgrabber accepts JSON in request bodies and returns JSON in response bodies. JSON representations of reservation requests use many of the same fields in both requests and responses. The table below defines these common fields.
```

Author: Yes, this is a good change. I'm making it locally. Thanks.

| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------ |
| date                 | Date to reserve tennis court                          | string            | Required     | Format: YYYY-MM-DD                      |
| start_times          | Time to reserve tennis court, in order of preference  | array of strings  | Required     | Format: HHMM in 24H time                |
| duration             | Length of time to reserve tennis court                | string            | Required     | Values: 30m, 60m, 90m                   |
| courts               | Tennis court number to reserve, in order of preference| array of numbers  | Required     |  
| ball_machine         | Reserve a ball machine along with the court           | boolean           | Required     | 
| players              | Club members who will play, with host listed first    | array of strings  | Required     | Values: members linked to login account |

#### Logging into Courtgrabber
Authenticates a user and grants them access for a Courtgrabber session.

##### URL
`POST {base_url}/api/login`

> ##### `POST` Body

Reviewer: Although there's technically nothing wrong with calling these `POST` bodies (or, in general, `<method>` bodies), I would just simplify and call these headings Request bodies or Request fields.  Whatever you decide, we should make the corresponding Response headers consistent with it.

Author: Okay, I changed them all to "Request Body" and "Response Body"

| **Field**      |   **Description**                        | **Type**  | **Required**   |
| ---------------| ---------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| username       | User's tennis club account email address | string    | Required       |
| password       | User's tennis club account email password| string    | Required       |

##### Sample Request

    POST {base_url}/api/login
```json
    {

>        "username": "sample@avac.com",

Reviewer: Remove the AVAC reference.
```suggestion
       "username": "sample@tennisclub.com",
```

Author: Doing locally. Thanks.

>     POST {base_url}/api/login
> ```json
>     {
>        "username": "sample@avac.com",
>        "password": "***************"    
>     }

Reviewer: I think this looks weird indented, as does the JSON snippet below.  I would remove the indentation (but, of course keep the indentation _within_ the JSON snippet).

```suggestion
POST {base_url}/api/login
```json
{
   "username": "sample@avac.com",
   "password": "***************"    
}
```

Same applies for all endpoints, of course.

Author: Fixed locally the indenting for all the JSON snippets.

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the change on the PR. Did you commit it? Did you push up the commit?

| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials to authenticate user with server| Required     | Bearer: {token} |

##### Sample Request

    GET {base_url}/api/reservation-requests 
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}

##### Response
Please refer to the [`/api/reservation-requests` resource section](#apireservation-requests) for descriptions of repeated fields. The fields listed below are also found in the `GET /api/reservation-requests` response.

| **Field**            |   **Description**                                  | **Type**  | **Notes**                 |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------- |
| reservation-requests | Data on when, where, and for whom to reserve court | array     |                           |
| id                   | Unique identifier for a reservation request        | string    |                           |
| court                | The court number that was successfully reserved    | number    |                           |

> | start_time           | The start time that was successfully reserved      | string    | Format: ISO 8601 YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssTZD|

Reviewer: 👍 for the ISO 8601 reference.

##### Sample Response
`200 OK`

```json
{
    "reservation-requests": [
        {
            "id": "e68bfb6d-a1f0-4e8a-b82f-4acbbcc3397b",
            "date": "2022-12-05",
            "start_times": [
                "0700"
            ],
            "duration": "90m",
            "courts": [
                5,
                9
            ],
            "ball_machine": true,
            "players": [
                "Alice Jones",
                "Bob Jones"
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "7c98610d-2429-4ed8-8cc2-33123e8a6fa9",
            "date": "2022-11-19",
            "start_times": [
                "1300",
                "1330",
                "1400"
            ],
            "duration": "90m",
            "courts": [
                1,
                2,
                3
            ],
            "ball_machine": false,
            "players": [
                "Carrie Jones",
                "Alice Jones"
            ],
            "court": 1,

>             "start_time": "2022-11-19T13:00:00-08:00"

Reviewer: You should add the time zone designator (TZD) at the end of this timestamp.

Author: @ycombinator Isn't that what the `-08:00` is?

Reviewer: Yes, odd, I didn't notice that before.  Looks good.

##### URL
`POST {base_url}/api/logout`

##### Headers

| **Header Name** |   **Description**                                    | **Required** | **Values**      |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials to authenticate user with server| Required     | Bearer: {token} |

##### Sample Request

    POST {base_url}/api/logout
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}

##### Sample Response
`204 No Content`

#### Status codes and error messages
The following table lists the HTTP status codes and their meanings. 

| **Code**             |   **Description**                                                                       | 
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | 
| 200 OK               | Call was successful; if relevant, response details are included in the body             | 
| 204 No Content       | Call was successful; no details provided in response                                    |  
| 400 Bad Request      | Call was unsuccessful because of ommission of required field(s) or improper JSON syntax |  

> | 404 Not Found        | Call was made to an incorrect endpoint                                                  |  

Reviewer: For consistency, I'd start this description with "Call was unsuccessful..."

Author: Good catch. Changed.

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the change on the PR.  Did you commit it?  Did you push up the commit?

> Upon an error, the API will return the corresponding HTTP status code along with this response body:

Reviewer: For consistency, I'd start this sentence with "For unsuccessful API calls..."

Author: Okay, done.

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the change on the PR. Did you commit it? Did you push up the commit?

You can refer to this section for explanations of Courtgrabber's resources, endpoints, and status codes.

#### **Resources**

The Courtgrabber API has three resources:

- `/api/login`
- `/api/logout`
- `/api/reservation-requests`

##### `/api/login`
Use the Login API call to grant access to Courtgrabber for a specific club member.

##### `/api/logout`
Use the Logout API call to terminate the current Courtgrabber session for a specific club member.

##### `/api/reservation-requests`
Reservation Requests is the core Courtgrabber resource. Use its API calls to make new requests, view existing requests, or cancel a request for a specific club member. Calls to `/reservation-requests` use many of the same fields in both requests and responses. Courtgrabber accepts JSON in request bodies and returns JSON in response bodies. The table below defines the fields common to `/reservation-requests` requests and responses. 

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | **Required** | **Notes** |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------------ | --------- |
| date                 | Date to reserve tennis | string    | Required     | Format is |

> |                      | court                  |           |              | YYYY-MM-DD|

Reviewer: Every new `|` starts a new table row.  The result is a table that looks like this:

<img width="688" alt="Screen Shot 2022-11-17 at 09 05 34" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51061/202348820-a9f2338e-d2ad-429f-9796-5730b0b6cad1.png">

Notice the alternating colors.  That's not very readable IMO.  Ideally, we'd want the colors to alternate for every field.

Reviewer: Sorry, I should've caught this sooner.

Author: I think I fixed this. We'll have to see how GitHub renders the Markdown, but it's working on Dillinger.

| players              | Club members who will  | array of  | Required     | Values:   |
|                      | play on the reserved   | strings   |              | members   |
|                      | court, with the host   |           |              | associated|
|                      | listed first           |           |              | with login|
|                      |                        |           |              | account   |
|                      |                        |           |              |           |

#### **Logging into Courtgrabber**
Authenticates a specific user and grants access for a Courtgrabber session.

##### URL
`POST /api/login`

##### `POST` Body

| **Element**    |   **Description**        | **Type**  | **Required**   |
| ---------------| ------------------------ | --------- | -------------- |
| username       | User's tennis club       | string    | Required       |
|                | membership account email |           |                |
|                | address                  |           |                |
|                |                          |           |                |

> | password       | User's tennsi club       | string    | Required       |

Reviewer: Typo.

```suggestion
| password       | User's tennis club       | string    | Required       |
```

Author: Thanks. I fixed this in the commit I'm currently working on.

|                | membership account       |           |                |
|                | password                 |           |                |
|                |                          |           |                |

##### Sample Request
```
    POST /api/login

    {
       "username": "sample@avac.com",
       "password": "***************"    
    }
```

##### Response

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | 
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | 
| bearer_token         | Authorizes access to   | string    | 
|                      | authenticated user for |           | 
|                      | 30 minutes             |           | 

##### Sample Response

```
    {

>        "bearer_token": "**************"

Reviewer: Let's use `Y0jzJLkuhPudMf9J` for the value of `bearer_token`.  It's more realistic.

Author: Will do.

##### Sample Request

    POST /api/reservation-requests 
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}
```
       {
            "date": "2022-12-09",
            "start_times": [
                "1000",
                "1030"
            ],
            "duration": "90m",
            "courts": [
                1,
                2
            ],
            "ball_machine": false,
            "players": [
                "Alice Jones",
                "Bob Jones"
            ]
        }
```

##### Response
Please refer to the [`/api/reservation-requests` resource section](#apireservation-requests) for descriptions of repeated fields. The field listed below is also found in the `POST /api/reservation-requests` response.

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | **Notes**                 |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------------------------- |
| id                   | Unique identifier for  | string    |                           |
|                      | a reservation request  |           |                           |
|                      |                        |           |                           |

##### Sample Response

> ```

Reviewer: For all JSON snippets in the documentation, use the threebackticks followed by `json` (only in the opening delimiter).  This will format them nicely with syntax highlighting.  Also see: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks.

Author: Thanks, I've done this.

|                      | request                |           | request deleted; request  |
|                      |                        |           | to delete failed          |

##### Sample Response
```
{
    "message": "reservation request deleted"
}
```

#### **Logging out of Courtgrabber**
Terminates a Courtgrabber session for a specific user. 

##### URL
`POST /api/logout`

##### Headers

| **Header Name** |   **Description**    | **Required** | **Values**      |
| --------------- | -------------------  | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials | Required     | Bearer: {token} |
|                 | that authenticate    |              |                 |
|                 | the user with the    |              |                 |
|                 | server.              |              |                 |

##### Sample Request

    POST /api/logout
    Authorization: Bearer: {token}

##### Response

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | **Notes**                 |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------------------------- |

> | logout_message       | Status of the logout   | string    | Values: logout successful;|

Reviewer: This API will return a `204 No Content` HTTP status code upon success.  There will be no response body.

Reviewer: Upon error, you can expect all APIs to return an appropriate HTTP status code along with a response body that looks like this:

```json
{
   "message": "<some error message>"
}
```

Author: I made these changes. Thanks.

* [Using the CLI](#using-the-courtgrabber-cli)
* [Getting started with the REST API](#getting-started-with-the-courtgrabber-rest-api)
* [API Reference Documentation](#courtgrabber-api-reference-documentation)
  * [Objects common to requests and responses](#objects-common-to-requests-and-responses)
  * [Retrieving a list of reservation requests](#retrieving-a-list-of-reservation-requests)

## Getting started with the Courtgrabber CLI

## Using the Courtgrabber CLI

## Getting Started with the Courtgrabber REST API

## Courtgrabber API Reference Documentation

The Courtgrabber API has three resources:

- `/api/login`
- `/api/logout`
- `/api/reservation-requests`

##### `/api/login`
Use the Login API call to grant access to Courtgrabber for a specific club member.

##### `/api/logout`
Use the Logout API call to terminate the current Courtgrabber session for a specific club member.

##### `/api/reservation-requests`
Use the Reservation Requests API calls to make new requests, view existing requests, or cancel a request for a specific club member.

> #### Objects common to requests and responses

Reviewer: l would call the items in the table "fields", not "objects".  The word "object" can have a specific connotation, e.g. a JSON object, in the programming world.

Author: But isn't that what they are - JSON objects? That's why I was using the word.

Reviewer: So, first off, these fields are only common to the reservation requests resource.  They don't apply to other API resources.  A reservation resource has the following representation in JSON:

```json
{
            "id": "...",
            "date": "...",
            "start_times": [
                ...
            ],
            ...
}
```

Of course, this representation may vary slightly from endpoint-to-endpoint and also between request bodies and response bodies, e.g.:
- requests would never specify the `court` field, as this is something that the API server sets once a court is actually reserved.  So this field would only ever be present in response bodies that represent reservation requests (sorry, the term "request" means two things here, so that's confusing).
- the request body for the reservation request creation endpoint would not contain the `id` field, as this is something the API server sets when it actually creates (records internally) the reservation request.

With all that in mind, the keys/properties that you see in the JSON representation are what I'm calling "fields".  Why "fields" and not just "keys" or "properties"? Simply because "fields" is a bit more abstract. It conveys the same meaning regardless of the representation format.  Today that format is JSON but tomorrow it might something else.  In that case, "key" or "property" might not make sense for that format.  

And "objects", like "arrays", have a specific connotation in programming.  Objects are groups of fields.  Each field has it's own type (string, array, integer, object, etc.).  So, in the case of a single reservation request resource, it's JSON representation takes the form of an object.  But each of the key/value pairs or fields within that object aren't necesarily also objects (again, keeping the programming connotation in mind) - they could be strings, integers, arrays, or in some cases, objects.

Author: > * requests would never specify the `court` field, as this is something that the API server sets once a court is actually reserved.  So this field would only ever be present in response bodies that represent reservation requests (sorry, the term "request" means two things here, so that's confusing).
> * the request body for the reservation request creation endpoint would not contain the `id` field, as this is something the API server sets when it actually creates (records internally) the reservation request.

I didn't include `court` or `id` in this section. I included it in the response section for the `GET /reservation-requests` section below.

Author: > With all that in mind, the keys/properties that you see in the JSON representation are what I'm calling "fields". Why "fields" and not just "keys" or "properties"? Simply because "fields" is a bit more abstract. It conveys the same meaning regardless of the representation format. Today that format is JSON but tomorrow it might something else. In that case, "key" or "property" might not make sense for that format.

This makes a lot of sense. I will call them fields.

Author: > And "objects", like "arrays", have a specific connotation in programming. Objects are groups of fields. Each field has it's own type (string, array, integer, object, etc.). So, in the case of a single reservation request resource, it's JSON representation takes the form of an object. But each of the key/value pairs or fields within that object aren't necesarily also objects (again, keeping the programming connotation in mind) - they could be strings, integers, arrays, or in some cases, objects.

Thank you for the explanation. Can I ask a clarifying question here that relates to another comment you made? Why then is the `reservation-requests` not an object? You say it's an array, which I see, but I also see that it's a group of fields.

Reviewer: `reservation-requests` is an array of objects - look closely at what is _immediately_ contained within the array.  Each of those objects is a group of fields (as all objects are).

Author: I see. Thanks.

> Courtgrabber uses many of the same key-value pairs in requests and responses. It accepts JSON in request bodies and returns JSON in response bodies. The table below defines the key-value pairs common to requests and responses, across all endpoints. 

Reviewer: I wouldn't call these key-value pairs, just fields.  And I would mention that these belong to the reservation requests resource, which is a core resource of Courtgrabber (by "core" I mean it's central to the idea of Courtgrabber).

Author: Okay, that makes sense.

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | **Required** | **Notes** |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------------ | --------- |

> | reservation-requests | Data on when, where,   | request   | Required     |           |

Reviewer: I would pull this out of the common fields.  I think it's only returned by the list API call?

Reviewer: Also, the type of this field is not an object.

Author: Okay, I can't see the request bodies, so I wasn't sure.

Author: > Also, the type of this field is not an object.

What does this mean?

Reviewer: > Okay, I can't see the request bodies, so I wasn't sure.

What do you mean by this?  Since you are the ones issuing the requests, wouldn't you know what the request bodies look like?

Reviewer: > > Also, the type of this field is not an object.
> 
> What does this mean?

It's an array, not an object.

Author: Thanks, I figured this out.

| courts               | Tennis court to reserve| array of  | Required     | Values:   |
|                      | based on club-assigned | numbers   |              | 1-5, 8-9  |
|                      | number, in order of    |           |              |           |
|                      | preference             |           |              |           |
|                      |                        |           |              |           |
| ball_machine         | Reserve a ball machine | boolean   | Required     |           |
|                      | along with the court   |           |              |           |
|                      |                        |           |              |           |
| players              | Club members who will  | array of  | Required     | Values:   |
|                      | play on the reserved   | strings   |              | members   |
|                      | court, with the host   |           |              | associated|
|                      | listed first           |           |              | with login|
|                      |                        |           |              | account   |

> |                      |                        |           |              |           |

Reviewer: Ideally, the common fields would be duplicated in every endpoint's section, for endpoints that use them.  Otherwise, as a developer trying to consume this API, it's not very user-friendly to have to jump back and forth between the common section and the specific API endpoint section.

> |                      |                        |           |              |           |

Reviewer: Ideally, the common fields would be duplicated in every endpoint's section, for endpoints that use them.  Otherwise, as a developer trying to consume this API, it's not very user-friendly to have to jump back and forth between the common section and the specific API endpoint section.

Author: This will be handled in a future version of the docs.

#### **Retrieving a list of reservation requests**
Returns a list of tennis court reservation requests for a specific user.

##### URL
`GET /api/reservation-requests`

##### Headers

| **Header Name** |   **Description**    | **Required** | **Values**      |
| --------------- | -------------------  | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials | Required     | Bearer: {token} |
|                 | that authenticate    |              |                 |
|                 | the user with the    |              |                 |
|                 | server.              |              |                 |

##### Sample Request

>     GET /api/reservation-requests HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: You can omit the `HTTP/1.1` here.  This is information typically added automatically by the HTTP client software.  Since the human user does not add this piece of information, there's no real point documenting it.  In fact, it might just cause some confusion, especially for beginner users, as to what to do with this piece of information.

Author: Will do. Thanks.

>     Authorization: Bearer: {token}

Reviewer: Do you plan to add a note here with a link to the excellent section on Authentication?

Author: Yes. 👍

Author: This will have to wait until #6 is merged in, but I have it on my list to do.

##### Response
Please refer to the [Objects](#objects-common-to-requests-and-responses) section for descriptions of common body objects. The objects listed below are also found in the `GET /api/reservation-requests` response.

| **Element**          |   **Description**      | **Type**  | **Notes**                 |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------------------------- |
| id                   | Unique identifier for  | string    |                           |
|                      | a reservation request  |           |                           |
|                      |                        |           |                           |

> | court                | The court number that  | number    | Values:                   |

Reviewer: Only a single court can be actually reserved, so the values shown here are wrong.

Author: Those are the possible values. How would you list them?

Reviewer: I would not bother listing them, to be honest.  Depending on the club that the Courtgrabber service is "talking" to, those values could change.

|                      | was successfully       |           | 1-5, 8-9                  |
|                      | reserved               |           |                           |
|                      |                        |           |                           |
| start_time           | The start time that    | string    | Format:                   |

> |                      | was successfully       |           | YYYY-MM-DD?HH:MM:SS-??:?? |

Reviewer: What are the `??` bits?

Author: I was just coming to comment on this section myself. I couldn't tell from the sample response what those parts were. You can see the full sample `start_time` at the end of the section. If you could tell me what those missing pieces are, that would be great.

Reviewer: This is a good time to learn about ISO 8601 - it's a widely-used format in the HTTP API world to represent dates and times.  Some resources:
- https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html
- https://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601

Author: Thanks. That was very helpful.

|                      | reserved               |           |                           |

##### Sample Response
```
{
    "reservation-requests": [
        {
            "id": "e68bfb6d-a1f0-4e8a-b82f-4acbbcc3397b",
            "date": "2022-12-05",
            "start_times": [
                "0700"
            ],
            "duration": "90m",
            "courts": [
                5,
                9
            ],
            "ball_machine": true,
            "players": [
                "Tiffany Hrabusa",

>                 "Shaunak Kashyap"

Reviewer: Try to use fake names, like "Alice" and "Bob", or "John Doe" and "Jane Doe", etc.

Author: Will do. Thanks.

You can refer to this section for explanations of Courtgrabber's resources, endpoints, and status codes.

> #### **Resources**

Reviewer: Why is the heading further bolded?  Also it looks like this is a level four heading.  It's parent (Courtgrabber API reference documentation) is a level two heading.  Maybe this should be a level three heading?

Author: I've been working on this chunks, and I think some of the headings are messed up. Once I have merged all my work into main, I will fix the heading inconsistencies. I have it on my list.

    "password": "***************"    
}
```

##### Response Body

| **Field**            |   **Description**                                      | **Type**  | 
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | 
| bearer_token         | Authorizes access to authenticated user for 30 minutes | string    | 

##### Sample Response
`200 OK`

```json
{
    "bearer_token": "Y0jzJLkuhPudMf9J"
}
```

#### Requesting a tennis court reservation
Initiates a reservation request to the tennis club's software on behalf of a specific user.

##### URL
`POST {base_url}/api/reservation-requests`

##### Headers

| **Header Name** |   **Description**                                    | **Required** | **Values**      |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| Authorization   | Provides credentials to authenticate user with server| Required     | Bearer: {token} |

##### Request Body
Please refer to the [`/api/reservation-requests` resource section](#apireservation-requests) for descriptions of repeated fields. 

##### Sample Request
`POST {base_url}/api/reservation-requests`

> `Authorization: Bearer: {token}`

Reviewer: For these code blocks, please enclose the entire block (2 lines over here) in triple backticks for consistency with other code blocks. Generally speaking, use the single backticks only when the code snippet is embedded into a larger sentence or some other non-code-formatted section of text.

Author: Done.
